# CS5610_fall2024_project1
Reflection:

Question 1: The most challenging part of this task I suppose is the responsive design of web pages. Especially for mobile friendship design, I need to ensure that the navbar does not become unsuitable for mobile devices due to changes in screen size. Designing a website that is suitable for both desktop and mobile devices requires adjustment of layout and style for many times, as well as repeated testing to see if it fits. 

Question 2: Firstly, I use media search: @ media to adapt to different screen sizes, so that the webpage layout can have a good display effect on mobilephones, tablets, and desktop. Secondly, I adjusted the style of the navbar. When the page is scrolled down, I used the hamburger menu, which allows users to control the expansion and contraction of the navbar. When on a small screen, the navigation bar is hidden by default and only expands when clicking on the burger menu.It also allows the navbar to continuously display while scrolling down, without taking up too much space, as well as maintaining the traditional top navigation. Thirdly, I used adaptive scaling of fonts and images. I used "Rem" instead of "px" as the unit for font and layout to ensure that text and images can be scaled appropriately according to the screen size.

Question 3: In addition to the mobile friendly design adjustments mentioned in the previous answers, I am also proud of the design: I import font awesome to use SVG icons to create a page watermark: a semi transparent logo representing code "</>". This let visitors immediately remember this logo, increasing the personal brand of the website and allowing visitors to associate this watermark with my computer major. In addition, I am pround that I used pairing fonts (importing Roboto sans serif + Merriweather serif), Analagous Color Palettes and gradient colored cardto make the website more visually appealing.

Question 4: If there were more time or resources, I would add interactive features, such as using CSS animations to enhance the dynamic effects when users click buttons or scroll. In addition, I would introduce form validation on the contact page, so that users can receive more intuitive prompts and feedback when filling out contact forms. Also, I would increase the selection of day or night modes, allowing visitors to achieve good readability in high and low light conditions.

Question 5: I should have spent about two and a half days working on completing this webpage. I started from the initial framework building, to the page design, and finally completed the final detail adjustments (fonts, colors, etc.). Although it is not a quite long time, but the continous time on designing and constructing this website made me feel fulfilled.
